hey guys what is up it's tyler here with
the challenge of the video that you've
all been waiting for so the first thing
you need to do subscribe like the
feature video comment on the future
video and put me in your box once you've
done those things you'll see the farm in
built in the side in the description
there's two links they're both the same
so we click this one you go take to the
challenge or before you can read the top
there's also an option I can sign in to
your account and complete any challenges
you may need you can add me on skype if
you've got any questions about that so
you just fill it in what's your PSN so
I'll put mine in there put in your skype
address choose the prestige of like any
pro perks yes no these are just check
boxes pretty simple really and do you
need radar obviously I don't want people
going around using this in Baltimore
fair to climb matches etc this is just
you know just for public games just
chillin out online so I've submit the
farm the response has been recorded then
you'll come here I'll get this in my
email so I refresh it there we go it's
been time-stamped 718 and it comes with
your details then i can add you and
you'll be able to get your challenge of
it so once you complete the farm you can
add me on skype and then we can start
your challenge of it so as you can see
game day utility information this is on
the 1.13 patch so there's no need to
bypass run it's a waste time or in a
message patch blocker and whatnot so you
can just jump straight in lobby start
again going already then subscribe to my
youtube channel youtube.com / / I'm
toilet so in the game fast mud same but
you will be a masseuse what not green
that where's your green dot etc
um game menu games that ends example
just got my old ugly join on there you
go on the join Mabel snowboards got the
jump menu different heights there what
most of you guys want is the infection
menu so any prestige 30 7 8 9 10 11 pro
perks dee runk force UAV and
intervention challenges so if there's
anything there that you would like that
you don't have then I can silence your
account and get you unlock all modded
start some other classes I love
something can reset your account than
any prestige that we haven't seen before
so prestige one through 26 so I hope
you've seen some of you guys in a future
of it peace out